hey guys welcome to my new video and
today i will show you this singapore
airlines weather with equation 9 b dash
spq and this is especially model of
singapore and especially model of
phoenix this is the last one of
singapore-- labs Boeing 747 and as you
can see here thank you Boeing 747 so
this was the last flight of Singapore as
you can see here very very nice of
Phoenix that they had naked singapore
airlines last Boeing 747 flight
singapore flight 7 for 7 from Singapore
to Hong Kong and from singapore flight 7
for 8 from hong kong to singapore 26
april 2012 this was the last flight of a
Boeing 747 of Singapore Airlines because
now Singapore will use a lot of Boeing
triple7 and a lot of Airbus a380 so they
will yeah they will get up here is
boring Trevin Boeing 747 dash 400 models
and this is an very nice model of
Phoenix I've got this model today and so
I will unboxing this it's really really
really nice and yeah let's begin
sorry Fox is really nice and really new
user model and here is the model really
really nice and yeah let's talk about
here you have been normal singapore
delivery as you can see the singapore
airlines logo the flag of singapore near
the singapore airlines logo four engines
hear the new mode very very nice the
ring nets are awesome Thank You winglets
are often in the blue orange colors you
have Rowland gears very nice
and it looks beautiful so this is one of
a must-have and your collections and
this I can say this 100 present present
because um this model will be a rare
model then a few there in a few years
this model will be around model because
supposedly last Singapore Airlines
flight and it's very very amazing if you
had this model so pleased by this before
it sells sold out or whatever I don't
know how to say this yeah zoom part
hear or see jumbo over the gear you have
the illustration so Appy and to the
style lines logo singapore airlines em
the flag of singapore and there you can
oops sorry and then you can see the
winglets in the blue orange colors also
um yeah yeah the registration again 9 v
dash sp2 and here you have the logo of
singapore airlines very nice and it
looks really cool and you have the
normal engine it looks yeah it looks
really nice a wing with you so yeah or
this model is really heavy and what can
I say this is an must have at your
collection so pleased by this model
anyway so if you like my channel please
subscribe my channel for more videos and
rate this video good if you have any
question wax into the comments or send
me a private message so yeah thank you
so much if you watch this video and I
hope to see you next time again thank
you you are a nice review and here we go
bye